Updated index.md for OAuth2 Authentication (#4516)
Kong/docs.konghq.com: app/_hub/kong-inc/oauth2/_index.md

## OAuth 2.0 Flows

### Client Credentials
  

> The [Client Credentials](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.4) flow will work out of the box, without building any authorization page. The clients will need to use the `/oauth2/token` endpoint to request an access token.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The [Client Credentials](https://tools.ietf.org/html/rfc6749#section-4.4) flow works out of the box, without building any authorization page. The clients need to use the `/oauth2/token` endpoint to request an access token.  
```

> Below are the various ways we can consume "/oauth2/token" endpoint to retrieve the access_token.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can access the `/oauth2/token` endpoint to retrieve the `access_token` in the following ways:.
```

> _Content-Type set to application/x-www-form-urlencoded and sending the credentials as a form data in a POST call._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using a POST request, set `Content-Type` to `application/x-www-form-urlencoded` and send the credentials as form data:
```

```bash  

> curl --location --request POST 'https://your.service.com/oauth2/token' \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -i -X POST 'https://example.service.com/oauth2/token' \
```
Using formatting consistent with the rest of our documentation.

  --header 'Content-Type: application/x-www-form-urlencoded' \
  --data-urlencode 'client_id=XXXX' \
  --data-urlencode 'client_secret=XXXX' \
  --data-urlencode 'grant_type=client_credentials'
```

> _Content-Type set to application/json and sending the credentials as a JSON body in a POST call._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using a POST request, set `_Content-Type` to `application/json` and send the credentials as a JSON body:
```

```bash 

> curl --location --request POST 'https://your.service.com/oauth2/token' \

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -i -X POST 'https://example.service.com/oauth2/token' \
```

  --header 'Content-Type: application/json' \
  --data-raw '{ "client_id": "XXXXX", "client_secret": "XXXX", "grant_type": "client_credentials" }'
```

> _Sending the credentials in URL query parameters in a POST call._

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Using a POST request, send the credentials in URL query parameters:
```

```bash 

> curl --location --request POST 'https://your.service.com/oauth2/token?client_id=XXXX&client_secret=XXXX&grant_type=client_credentials'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
curl -i -X POST 'https://your.service.com/oauth2/token?client_id=XXXX&client_secret=XXXX&grant_type=client_credentials'
```
